Reorganize docs, add codepen examples (#1691)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: docs/api-reference-schema.md

## Schema definitions and references

> This library partially supports [inline schema definition dereferencing]( http://json-schema.org/latest/json-schema-core.html#rfc.section.7.2.3), which is Barbarian for *avoiding to copy and paste commonly used field schemas*:

Author: I think you meant this, right -- http://json-schema.org/draft/2019-09/json-schema-core.html#ref-- I've updated it with this link now.

> This library partially supports [inline schema definition dereferencing]( http://json-schema.org/latest/json-schema-core.html#rfc.section.7.2.3), which is Barbarian for *avoiding to copy and paste commonly used field schemas*:

Author: ```suggestion
This library partially supports [inline schema definition dereferencing](http://json-schema.org/draft/2019-09/json-schema-core.html#ref), which is Barbarian for *avoiding to copy and paste commonly used field schemas*:
```
